What is up guys and what KMAX are now in this video we're going to be freaking out the logo and then
you'll be working up for the footer.
And then our website will be totally up and running.
They'll be working for the mobile optimization and the animation.
So let's go ahead let's just hit the Customize team customize or not the module cost to myself these
butu are different.
Mario customization is like this.
You can customize this Maadi OK but I'm going to go to the team customize because I want to customize
my whole theme.
OK.
And here we can customize this section right here.
And then we go down below.
We can customize our footer as well.
So let's get started.
First of all what we have to do is that we need to work with the logo.
That is the main thing.
You can see that I have created a logo right here.
You can see that I've just read in the text.
I didn't have much time to create a logo so I'm just gonna go to the header and navigation.
Now I want to go to the general settings and should be the site identity.
So we also need to upload a site icon to you guys already know about side icon.
So I don't know if we should upload it.
It is not necessary right now.
Hey is the little
OK we have to upload this logo in that section that we say that Wii model E.S. Dimi settings basically
show him I have to go to a street complete double B course dot com and I need to go to my dashboard
right here.
OK.
And then I have to upload my Lobo's I'm going to go to the DVLA here.
I'm going to go to team options right here.
And then there should be the logo.
I'm going to come here I'm going to hit upload and I'm going to upload the file select file and just
select this one right here.
You can see this is
OK.
This is giving the eight here.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to cropped this eclipse.
I'm going to just bring it down this is and this is let's enter.
Control alt safe.
It's just select the PNB file and it's like this little.
I To.
I want to replace it.
So I'm going ahead.
OK let's go ahead and let's see if it gets uploaded right now.
I'm going to hit upload file select file select this guy right here and let's see if it says not so
I'm not uploading so so let's just upload a normal logo.
OK.
I'm going to go to upload file and like file and we're going to go to
I'm going to upload this logo right here.
OK.
This is being uploaded.
This is also giving the error.
OK.
So let's go to the media right here.
Let's go to library.
OK let's open this up OK and let's try to upload it from the site because that is giving the error.
I don't know why.
So all right this is uploaded right here.
These are uploaded.
So White is giving me right here.
OK.
I don't know why they are giving the error.
I'm going to go I'm here.
I'm going to click here and I'm going to upload right now.
And here should be the logos.
I'm going to select this guy right here OK and I'm going to set his logo.
So you can see this is said as my little work here.
I'm going to go down and I'm going to hit save changes.
So this changes must be saved.
I'm going to come here and I'm just going to refresh my website to see how my web site looks.
OK.
Here we go.
This is our Osages looking.
This is a temporary logo I know it was looking very cheap but I just wanted to show you.
OK.
I'm going to go to discovery here and I'm going to refresh this so that we can customize it we can manage
it a bed and we can increase or decrease the size that how we want it to look.
OK.
I think we should come here.
We should do the colors the same color for all this because I think it is looking very cheap.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to just do a precise control Z OK.
Let's select this guy let's call it select all and let's change the color to just the normal one.
OK.
I'm going to use the normal color.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit this and I'm going to save for it now.
So I wanted to be the normal one because that is looking very cheap.
I don't know why.
OK.
I'm going to come here I'm going to hit this piano.
I'm going to hit this safe and I won't come here and hit OK.
So you guys your logo also matters a lot to your lips.
OK.
So make sure that you get a little go for it.
Let's say if you do not know how craft designing is done then you can go to the fiber dot com fiber
dot com and hire someone for just five bucks not just be like No I cannot hire anyone in something like
that.
Do not do be like that.
OK.
You can hire anyone from five books for just designing a basic logo OK.
They can design it and they design it.
You can just be like oh my god.
Ok you will be like OK.
Because they will design amazing.
So I just we it.
We thought it OK and let's just come here
to this guy right here.
Let's just refresh this and I can see this is right here.
I'm going to go I'm here I'm going to go to the module builder.
I'm going to go to dashboard right here.
I'm going to go to the theme options and let's change the logo.
So I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit reset.
I'm going to come here to upload and this is valuable.
I'm going to set as little.
OK.
I'm going to go to discovery here and I'm going to take genius.
So once this changes has been saved.
Let's go to view our Web site and let's see how our Web site is looking to go.
This is our next door events.
This is our home about contact and everything like here.
So I'm going to come here and again see if I just refreshed this.
The logo is also going to be refreshed
so you can see this has our head are looking so we basically want to try to make sure that we choose
a great hair color and I think Hetter looks amazing.
So say it seemed like this if you want to change the A settings of this you can also change it.
We have web site content video and everything we have said polygraphy so you can change the default
font body color and everything like here.
And we also have a background so you don't have to add any background image or hey let's come here to
the headers and mean navigation.
This is the main stuff we have to work.
So we have the header format.
You guys already know about it.
We have the primary menu bar and matches this.
So we're going to come here to the menu height so you can increase or decrease it.
I'm just going to make it a little bit more and less this one local max height should be
cool.
And then we have the letter spacing so I don't know feed letters spacing and everything looks cool here
at Tech school or school actively in school.
And the background color
a thing we meant to be Crea
or if we just decrease the opacity of this
it looks cool.
Let's go to the About page and let's see how the About page looks because we have to customize this
whole menu was looking amazing.
Let's go to this conduct page and you can see that I just decrease the opacity of the top logo.
And you can see it has gained some creative fact.
OK so this looks amazing.
I'm going to go down and we have everything like here.
We don't need that dropdown menu so we don't have to worry Connett and everything looks pretty cool.
Cool.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go back.
And here we have the second menu bar so we can also add this MCKENRY menu bar.
If we want to.
OK.
You can add it if you want to add.
And then we have the fix navigation settings so this is basically like this.
If I just hide the logo image you can see if you just go above this little is coming if I go down.
The logo is being hidden but I don't want this.
OK.
I want it to be normal.
And when we go down Ivonne the background color to be white
it white
for white it is OK.
And the second re many willing color looks amazing.
So let's use it to be full Black.
Phil Black looks good.
OK.
If you go above you can see this is transparent.
And if we go down it is full black.
So I think full blacks look good.
OK we're totally done with this as well.
I'm going to go back and then we have the history elements so you can show the phone number and the
e-mail and the top pray here.
And we have the social icons.
So and I don't want to show the search icon because this is not a blog.
This is a professional based Web site OK.
I want to add the phone numbers so the phone number is going to be a plus 9 2 3 7 3 5 2 9 7.
And here are the e-mail goes so info at complete W.P. course dot com.
OK.
And I'm going to go back
and
so this is basically the second reading Ubar I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit publish right
now.
OK.
And let's come here and let's refresh this.
You can see this is how the Parra is coming right here.
OK.
You can just come here too right now.
And you have to refresh this.
You are l to see that bar.
This is called basically the second menu bar.
You can create it because it gives some much things to your website too.
I'm going to go to the second menu bar and one the background color to be the full black yes the background
colors to be the full black
OK.
This looks super awesome.
Everything looks amazing.
You can see we have the phone number here and then we have the e-mail address.
So I'm going to come here and I'm going to publish it for you now.
And now we are just left with the foot right here.
So you want to come here to the story here.
I'm going to go back.
And then we have the footer.
So do you have two options how you can create footer.
The first one is you can create the for the builder OK.
And then you can make it global and add to every of your page.
And the second option we have is that you can create the widgets.
So I'll show you both the options.
OK.
When you come here to the layout and then we have the footer column lay out so there will be four of
that's come here.
Let's come here to visit and let's basically add these widgets.
I'm going to go to your tray here and we have for area number one.
I'm going to add a number one budget and that is going to be about us so I basically try to add the
about us to say trade here.
I'm going to go I'm here I'm going to add the about us you can add some money for a here like need help.
And then you can add some fake who's contact us and something like that.
So it totally depends upon you.
OK.
I'm going to add some Lorem some so I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go to some live feeds slash each t mail.
And I want to grab the first paragraph to add that here here.
So let's come here let's copy this let's come here and let's paste it right here.
OK.
This is going to come right here.
And lotted publish so you can see this is coming right here.
I think I should make it much smaller.
OK.
And now I'm going to hit publish and see it will be till here.
So this is a little bit cool.
You can see you can add about your company that your company is how your company where it's sand everything
about yourself.
OK.
And you can also insure it and it's Layng you can make it bulleted and do the stuff if you want to.
I'm going to go back and now I'm going to go to the for area too.
And here I want to add a list of all the pages that my website has.
So here we go hey and the page title would be sorted by.
So you can see here.
Here are all the pages that are coming right here.
OK.
And in the third I can't add anything about the
I can get a call to action for it like a burden that is to get a trade now or something like that I
can add anything here.
So.
Or I can just leave it as a two column footer.
So if I want to go back I need to culinary here I'm going to go to the for I'm going to go to the lay
out and I'm going to select only two column.
You can see this has not changed like this so this is how it is looking so you can make it to column
you can make it single column as well if you want to.
OK you can go down.
And here is a single column so you can see this is just about us.
And if you don't want any of the footer you can just go back.
And then you can remove the footer as well.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to remove the for because I don't want any photo right
now.
I'm going to go to footer.
Sorry.
We're just right here and I'm going to go to the floor area and I want to eat it.
Let's get here.
That's it for move.
Let's go back and let's remove a foot or two as well.
So let's just delete it.
You can see this area is going to be removed from here.
So you can see there is no footer area.
I'm going to go back and we need to change this basically.
So you have all the rights to change this because you have to chase the DVH.
That is why you can change it.
You are going to get it for you're going to go to the footer elements for Baltimore.
And here you can edit it so I'm going to add it did.
I'm going to get designed by NZL.
OK.
And you can pretty well and any of the links if you want to sue if you want to link it to your profile
you can also add profile you can just add a and then hypertext reference.
OK.
And then is equal to do and then two exclamation marks and then no two inverted commas and then you
have to close it.
OK.
And then you have to come here and then you have to add discovery here slash and then a.
So this is basically refers to anchor.
OK.
This is anchoring to this Web site too.
I'm going to add my own website because sites like iTunes zeal dot com.
So if someone clicks on this you can see if someone clicks on this you'll be redirected to my Web site.
All right you can enter my company based but to say that this is my company and you can see this.
And here we go.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit publish so and can see if someone clicks her he's going
to redirect it to my company to see that this Web site is billed by them.
OK.
And here we go.
You can see how professional and amazing this Web site is looking.
OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to go back and you can add your footer your social links then you
want to add.
And if you want to remove it you can also remove it as well.
So you are going to come here to the elementary and come here and can see this is removed.
But you can I would highly recommend you to add for many because here you should add the privacy policy
and the terms and conditions these two are important.
And they just give the trust to the kind that they have some policies as well for their website so you
can have a policy that we don't Tryphon your mouth if you don't if you cancel our event with us or something
like that so you can add your policy right here and then you can add them in the menu.
I'm going to show you right now I'm going to go to the publisher.
Here you just have to go to this.
And let's just refresh our page and see how it is looking to see how it is you can see how amazing this
is.
I'm going to go down.
And here we have everything.
I'm going to add a pause here a here so that people can understand my people know that who they are.
Buying them.
And what are their policies because people read policies most.
OK I'm going to go to create new menu and this menu is going to be my Footner menu.
OK.
I'm going to hit enter and again see it's going to create a new menu.
And here I want to add these pages so you can create these pages.
I'm just going to add the custom links right now.
You guys already know about these custom links OK because you were following my course from start.
OK.
I'm going to add a privacy policy page here.
And one more page I want to add and that is the terms and conditions
I'm going to hit at too many.
So you can create these pages make sure that you created you should be having in terms your own terms
and these and you have to come here for money and then you have to hit save so you can either show them
in their toolbar or you must have to show that in the below below section here.
Here we have these privacy policy and terms and conditions.
So you can see this is coming right here the privacy policy and the terms and conditions.
Everything is coming right here.
OK.
You can also add a trade above if you want to.
I'm going to show you how can I do this.
Let's publish it.
Let's go to the menus right here.
OK.
And I want to add this right above.
So I'm going to come here.
I'm going to choose a good primary secondary menu.
Let's come here and uncheck that for many.
I'll take this.
Let's see how this is going to look.
So this is how it is looking we have privacy policy and the terms and conditions right above.
But I don't think so if it is looking cool right here.
So I think we should be adding that into our sexuality.
So I'm going to go to the
appearance and then menus and then here I have to select it to be for many instead of the second really.
OK.
So you can see that we are totally done with.
Web say if you want if you are creating your own for it basically you can create your own filter.
Ok.
Here below or whatever you want to show you can also disable these if you want to if you want to create
your own foot or you can create it.
I'm going to show you how can you create it in the next video so stadium guys and.